---
layout: blog_post
title: How I made $50,000 in 30 days...
description: The Fool-Proof-Hands-Down-Money-Back-Guaranteed-Success-Formula bank accounts...
img: featured_howimade.jpg
---

I **knew** that headline would get you to click.

Why?

Because I've clicked these headlines **thousands of times**.

For a fleeting moment I feel like I've finally found the Holy Grail, or put in a less dramatic way...a shortcut.

Why are all of us looking for a shorter, quicker cheaper route to our goals?

If it's money, it's headlines like this one, if it's weight, it's "6 second six-packs" and if it's food, it's McDonalds.

Here are some shortcuts that I've fallen for:


##Income Reports
This isn't as prevalent in startup world (maybe because only a few actually generate revenue...OOH BURN), but it is **HUGE** in the internet marketing world. Until I started getting into a lot of the well known marketing bloggers and influencers in that world, I had never seen anyone posting their income on their blog. Not just revenue, but **line by line** expenses and itemized revenue reports. Most of the bloggers who do this will claim that it motivates their readers, that they too can achieve this level of success. I'll tell you what it does for me: **it distracts me**. We're all on different paths, moving at different speeds, so it feels like someone is whizzing by me a million miles an hour yelling *"HEY JACK I'M GOING WAYYY FASTER THAN YOU BRAH! BETTER STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING AND DO WHAT I'M DOING"*. 

I remember the first time I saw one prominent bloggers income report where he made $50,000 in **ONE** month with web-hosting affiliate sales. My jaw dropped. Was it jealousy? Probably. Should I stop trying to solve problems building software and just start building quick adwords-niche-sites for Underwater Basket-weavers? **OBVIOUSLY**. 

I'm sure they mean well by posting these detailed public W-2's, and it probably does inspire lots of people, but for me, it's a distraction which often feels like a peppy Leprechaun prancing around my monitor telling me I suck and I need to go faster.





##The Fool-Proof-Hands-Down-Money-Back-Guaranteed-Success-Formula
This one gets me every time. Each time I see a new blog post or course telling me that they have the "secret" to success, my iPhone finger jumps with anticipation, even at 5am in the morning. 

Hold up. Am I the only one who feels like checking email first thing is like Christmas morning every single day?

Anyway.

I'm an information junkie. I **constantly** crave that next hit of knowledge. But when I really look deep into why I'm addicted, it's because I feel like the next thing I read is going to give me the secret formula. If I don't find it, I'll keep looking, but even when I DO find a new formula, I usually forget to put it into action. Eventually it leaves me mind totally, and then I'm back chasing the dragon again.

Why are we all looking for that yellow brick road of certainty and predictability? **Because we're scared.** We're scared that if we actually use things like our instinct and intuition, and it fails, **it's OUR fault**. If we follow someone else's fool-proof formula, **we can blame THEM**.

I do believe in learning from the mistakes and successes of others, but when the "others" map out their success into a easily digestible set of legalistic step-by-step formulas, **we lose our own map**.



##Growth Hacking or Black-hat?
I've seen countless examples of growth hacking gone wrong in the past 2 years. But there's a fine between growth hacking and black-hat. Isn't an app posting to your Facebook feed without your permission a black-hat technique? What about when that app downloads your entire phone contact list and uploads it to their server? Yea, that's Black to the Hat.

Growth Hacking is the definition of a shortcut, and I'm not saying that's a bad thing in most contexts, but the question should be *at what cost?*

If you are adding value to your end user, and your goal is to add as much value to as many users as possible (with their permission of course), then yes, growth hacking is worth the cost.

But if your end goal is growth at any cost, well, I bet your mothers proud.  



##It's messy
The truth is, the process is messy. Most of the time we're all just guessing. Of course you're talking to customers and validating assumptions, but at the moment your sit down at your computer ready to build a feature, close a deal or sell your company, you're still going with your gut. If you're going to write a blog post about your success, keep the messy parts in, tell us you guessed, tell us it was sheer luck at some points, because even if all we get out out of it is *"Good grief, that if that idiot can do it, I DEFINITELY can!"*, then you've succeeded.




























 









